feat(curriculum): add registration form workshop to cert (#56724)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-registration-form/60f85a62fb30c80bcea0cedb.md

---
id: 60f85a62fb30c80bcea0cedb
title: Step 20
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-20
---

# --description--

> Users will be allowed to choose either a `Personal` or `Business`.

Reviewer: This doesn't make much sense. I think there is some text missing.

```suggestion
Users will be able to choose whether the workshop is for `Personal` or `Business` purposes.
```
